1 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(1, s)
<answer>
5000
2 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(2, s)
<answer>
5000
3 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(3, s)
<answer>
5000
4 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(4, s)
<answer>
5000
5 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(5, s)
<answer>
5000
6 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(6, s)
<answer>
5000
7 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(7, s)
<answer>
5000
8 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(8, s)
<answer>
5000
9 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(9, s)
<answer>
5000
10 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(10, s)
<answer>
5000
11 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(11, s)
<answer>
5000
12 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(12, s)
<answer>
5000
13 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(13, s)
<answer>
5000
14 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(14, s)
<answer>
5000
15 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(15, s)
<answer>
5000
16 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(16, s)
<answer>
5000
17 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(17, s)
<answer>
5000
18 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(18, s)
<answer>
5000
19 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(19, s)
<answer>
5000
20 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(20, s)
<answer>
5000
21 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(21, s)
<answer>
5000
22 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(22, s)
<answer>
5000
23 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(23, s)
<answer>
5000
24 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(24, s)
<answer>
5000
25 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(25, s)
<answer>
5000
26 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(26, s)
<answer>
5000
27 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(27, s)
<answer>
5000
28 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(28, s)
<answer>
5000
29 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(29, s)
<answer>
5000
30 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(30, s)
<answer>
5000
31 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(31, s)
<answer>
5000
32 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(32, s)
<answer>
5000
33 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(33, s)
<answer>
5000
34 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(34, s)
<answer>
5000
35 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(35, s)
<answer>
5000
36 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(36, s)
<answer>
5000
37 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(37, s)
<answer>
5000
38 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(38, s)
<answer>
5000
39 - Testing Parent(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent(39, s)
<answer>
5000
40 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(1, s)
<answer>
5000
41 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(2, s)
<answer>
5000
42 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(3, s)
<answer>
5000
43 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(4, s)
<answer>
5000
44 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(5, s)
<answer>
5000
45 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(6, s)
<answer>
5000
46 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(7, s)
<answer>
5000
47 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(8, s)
<answer>
5000
48 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(9, s)
<answer>
5000
49 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(10, s)
<answer>
5000
50 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(11, s)
<answer>
5000
51 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(12, s)
<answer>
5000
52 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(13, s)
<answer>
5000
53 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(14, s)
<answer>
5000
54 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(15, s)
<answer>
5000
55 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(16, s)
<answer>
5000
56 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(17, s)
<answer>
5000
57 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(18, s)
<answer>
5000
58 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(19, s)
<answer>
5000
59 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(20, s)
<answer>
5000
60 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(21, s)
<answer>
5000
61 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(22, s)
<answer>
5000
62 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(23, s)
<answer>
5000
63 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(24, s)
<answer>
5000
64 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(25, s)
<answer>
5000
65 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(26, s)
<answer>
5000
66 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(27, s)
<answer>
5000
67 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(28, s)
<answer>
5000
68 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(29, s)
<answer>
5000
69 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(30, s)
<answer>
5000
70 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(31, s)
<answer>
5000
71 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(32, s)
<answer>
5000
72 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(33, s)
<answer>
5000
73 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(34, s)
<answer>
5000
74 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(35, s)
<answer>
5000
75 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(36, s)
<answer>
5000
76 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(37, s)
<answer>
5000
77 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(38, s)
<answer>
5000
78 - Testing Parent*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Parent*(39, s)
<answer>
5000
