1 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(1, s)
<answer>
5000
2 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(2, s)
<answer>
5000
3 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(3, s)
<answer>
5000
4 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(4, s)
<answer>
5000
5 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(5, s)
<answer>
5000
6 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(6, s)
<answer>
5000
7 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(7, s)
<answer>
5000
8 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(8, s)
<answer>
5000
9 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(9, s)
<answer>
5000
10 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(10, s)
<answer>
5000
11 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(11, s)
<answer>
5000
12 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(12, s)
<answer>
5000
13 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(13, s)
<answer>
5000
14 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(14, s)
<answer>
5000
15 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(15, s)
<answer>
5000
16 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(16, s)
<answer>
5000
17 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(17, s)
<answer>
5000
18 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(18, s)
<answer>
5000
19 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(19, s)
<answer>
5000
20 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(20, s)
<answer>
5000
21 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(21, s)
<answer>
5000
22 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(22, s)
<answer>
5000
23 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(23, s)
<answer>
5000
24 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(24, s)
<answer>
5000
25 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(25, s)
<answer>
5000
26 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(26, s)
<answer>
5000
27 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(27, s)
<answer>
5000
28 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(28, s)
<answer>
5000
29 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(29, s)
<answer>
5000
30 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(30, s)
<answer>
5000
31 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(31, s)
<answer>
5000
32 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(32, s)
<answer>
5000
33 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(33, s)
<answer>
5000
34 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(34, s)
<answer>
5000
35 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(35, s)
<answer>
5000
36 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(36, s)
<answer>
5000
37 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(37, s)
<answer>
5000
38 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(38, s)
<answer>
5000
39 - Testing Follows(s, s) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows(39, s)
<answer>
5000
40 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(1, s)
<answer>
5000
41 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(2, s)
<answer>
5000
42 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(3, s)
<answer>
5000
43 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(4, s)
<answer>
5000
44 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(5, s)
<answer>
5000
45 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(6, s)
<answer>
5000
46 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(7, s)
<answer>
5000
47 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(8, s)
<answer>
5000
48 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(9, s)
<answer>
5000
49 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(10, s)
<answer>
5000
50 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(11, s)
<answer>
5000
51 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(12, s)
<answer>
5000
52 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(13, s)
<answer>
5000
53 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(14, s)
<answer>
5000
54 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(15, s)
<answer>
5000
55 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(16, s)
<answer>
5000
56 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(17, s)
<answer>
5000
57 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(18, s)
<answer>
5000
58 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(19, s)
<answer>
5000
59 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(20, s)
<answer>
5000
60 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(21, s)
<answer>
5000
61 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(22, s)
<answer>
5000
62 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(23, s)
<answer>
5000
63 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(24, s)
<answer>
5000
64 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(25, s)
<answer>
5000
65 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(26, s)
<answer>
5000
66 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(27, s)
<answer>
5000
67 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(28, s)
<answer>
5000
68 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(29, s)
<answer>
5000
69 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(30, s)
<answer>
5000
70 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(31, s)
<answer>
5000
71 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(32, s)
<answer>
5000
72 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(33, s)
<answer>
5000
73 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(34, s)
<answer>
5000
74 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(35, s)
<answer>
5000
75 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(36, s)
<answer>
5000
76 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(37, s)
<answer>
5000
77 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(38, s)
<answer>
5000
78 - Testing Follows*(p, v) relationship
stmt s;
Select s such that Follows*(39, s)
<answer>
5000
